Magalie Marcellus: For protection, the shocking. America, why
Amara Toure: Hello.
Magalie Marcellus: Hi.
Magalie Marcellus: Hi, my name is Maggie. I'm the purpose assigned to you.
Magalie Marcellus: How you doing today.
Amara Toure: How you doing,
Magalie Marcellus: Good. I'm gonna do you mind put a shirt on, or something. I'll cover.
Magalie Marcellus: Appreciate it.
Magalie Marcellus: Thank you. Appreciate it.
Magalie Marcellus: Tell me.
Amara Toure: It's
Amara Toure: Going to
Magalie Marcellus: Take about 45 minutes. This is your initial assessment so I can get some background information and see how we can best help you
Magalie Marcellus: Have that time.
Amara Toure: Yeah, okay.
Magalie Marcellus: All right, so
Magalie Marcellus: And this is everything is confidential. The only time that if there's any concern for your safety or somebody else safety, then we have to take actions. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: So how are you referring to our program.
Amara Toure: It's the whole program at everything online.
Amara Toure: My girlfriend found before me alone.
Magalie Marcellus: So what prompted you to seek treatment.
Amara Toure: Because I wanted to stop using those drugs.
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Alright, so, you know, I'm going to execute a bit information about to the history of the drugs and some family history as well. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: And while we're was the drugs of choice.
Amara Toure: For it. No.
Amara Toure: No.
Amara Toure: Oh, we
Have
Magalie Marcellus: In the way
Magalie Marcellus: And how old were you when you started with.
Magalie Marcellus: The park.
Amara Toure: Maybe row.
Amara Toure: 2324, something like that.
Magalie Marcellus: How old are you now.
Magalie Marcellus: And was it on the same time for the sentinel
Amara Toure: Know, Fred knows being like a year.
Amara Toure: It was
Magalie Marcellus: Mixing something
Amara Toure: Now it was mixed in with like
Amara Toure: Powder perks that I thought I was buying I was all perks, but it was mixed with fentanyl
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, wow.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, the reaction.
Amara Toure: So yeah, I just started getting addicted to that.
Magalie Marcellus: And that's
Amara Toure: Gonna be a date, the different no
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: All right, so with the protocol. I'm have or what was going on that catcher even involved with that with the park.
Amara Toure: I was just take for just giving me your energy when I go to work.
Amara Toure: I don't know when I'll feel too tired. It was just like a boost of energy.
Amara Toure: You mean you're you're in pain or something you just go away.
Magalie Marcellus: So it wasn't like you have suffered any type of injury that you will prescribe that so, so happy or anything like that.
Amara Toure: No, I was just taking me like my recreational almost basically
Amara Toure: gotta dig through
Magalie Marcellus: And did you expand some withdrawals.
Amara Toure: withdraws is why I came to your company.
Magalie Marcellus: While I was on the sentence. Do you notice
Amara Toure: When I will get hot and cold.
Amara Toure: Runny nose.
Amara Toure: couldn't sit still.
Amara Toure: Body Ache, and
Amara Toure: stomach hurt.
Amara Toure: A lot of things good sleep.
Magalie Marcellus: Did you try to stop on your own at any point
Amara Toure: Yeah, I guess when I went through withdrawals.
Amara Toure: Oh yeah, that's what I can just stop by myself and we have tried different ways. And that's never worked. So, ha.
Magalie Marcellus: Ha ha. No, this is working now.
The Suboxone
Magalie Marcellus: So how long did you try on your own before you gave up because of the withdrawals.
Amara Toure: From your child me about four times or five times.
Magalie Marcellus: The last more than a week or less than a week, a month.
Amara Toure: Know the same day because the fit know which starts like six hours. Like, it's not like being goes is your starts early. So if you don't have anything to help you with
Withdraw
Amara Toure: Most likely you're going to do it again.
Magalie Marcellus: So some bow, bow.
Amara Toure: So let me. I got to the point where I wasn't even just doing it for the high. I was just doing it just, just don't get sick. Don't feel sick.
Magalie Marcellus: And so, how much do you think you're using at the highest when you build the towel so it
Amara Toure: May be like have half gram or gram a day.
Magalie Marcellus: The park.
Amara Toure: Yeah, but it was his mix will ship know today.
Magalie Marcellus: So it was always makes
Magalie Marcellus: The last year.
Magalie Marcellus: How much was that cost.
Amara Toure: 4040
Magalie Marcellus: Day.
Magalie Marcellus: So over time, you had built some talent. So you were using more than before.
Magalie Marcellus: Any your work environment, social life.
Amara Toure: No.
No.
Magalie Marcellus: So you are able to continue working as always.
Magalie Marcellus: But you mentioned that your girlfriend talk
Magalie Marcellus: With you. So was there any issues with your relationship because of your substance you
Amara Toure: Know, she didn't refer me
Magalie Marcellus: She always work. Yeah.
Amara Toure: Work and I asked her, because I was looking it up. I first
Magalie Marcellus: Online. Gotcha. Okay.
Amara Toure: So since I couldn't find anything before I went to work. I asked her to look for some
Amara Toure: Do when I came back from
Amara Toure: Work. She told me she found a place and to call
Magalie Marcellus: So you able to function, pretty much as normal, even with the substance.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Were you ever dissatisfied with your life because of us and substance.
Amara Toure: Abuse just bring in a lot of money. You know me.
Amara Toure: We spend a lot of money and
Amara Toure: The fact that you can die. The fact that I can go to jail you know mean
Amara Toure: Miss my life.
Amara Toure: I don't want to do that.
Amara Toure: So I really stopped it.
Magalie Marcellus: These are all valid reason for you to stop.
Magalie Marcellus: Because all these possibilities.
Magalie Marcellus: So is that the first treatment that you
Magalie Marcellus: Started
Amara Toure: Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: So, and I mentioned your graph on anybody else's your support system to help you stay sober.
Amara Toure: Me, I have family, but does less. I'm with my girlfriend 24 seven so
Magalie Marcellus: So you live with her.
Amara Toure: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Anybody else
Know,
Magalie Marcellus: And any history of substance use haha
Amara Toure: No.
Magalie Marcellus: Way disappeared. So I can see your face.
Amara Toure: No are you
Magalie Marcellus: Okay and see like a little bit of your top of your head.
Magalie Marcellus: So any medical conditions where you had to have any type of treatment in the past or currently
Know,
Magalie Marcellus: Any ER visits to any reason
Amara Toure: Any who,
Magalie Marcellus: ER visits.
Know,
Magalie Marcellus: You ever expense any seizures, because of the jaws.
Magalie Marcellus: Any mental health condition.
Know,
Magalie Marcellus: We've never had any
Magalie Marcellus: Issues with depression, anxiety, anything of that nature.
Magalie Marcellus: Know any history of suicidal thoughts plan or tense.
You know,
Magalie Marcellus: I need cutting
Magalie Marcellus: Cutting or South Palm Beach.
Magalie Marcellus: No, no.
Magalie Marcellus: So I would assume you've never been given any medication.
Magalie Marcellus: Those reasons.
Magalie Marcellus: And
Magalie Marcellus: Always do
Amara Toure: My mom.
Amara Toure: step mom.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so just step mom of both
Amara Toure: Rainbow Rainbow Bridge raised me
Wrong.
Magalie Marcellus: Was it that ever involved.
Amara Toure: They were all involved.
Magalie Marcellus: In the house or with you.
Amara Toure: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Any history of any substance use mental health or your mother.
Magalie Marcellus: Or your father.
No.
Magalie Marcellus: Relationship with your mom.
Magalie Marcellus: Your dad.
Magalie Marcellus: Your parents are they separated together was
Amara Toure: OK.
Magalie Marcellus: And has a relationship.
Amara Toure: Happy
Magalie Marcellus: You have any siblings.
Amara Toure: Yes.
Amara Toure: Sister two brothers.
Amara Toure: But I have to stepsisters to
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so yes, this is how old
Amara Toure: Sister right now she's like 19 or 20
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Amara Toure: My brother is 17 my sister.
Amara Toure: A
Amara Toure: 22 and my older brothers like 30 or
Magalie Marcellus: Where they are in the same household with you.
Amara Toure: Here. Yeah, just hire from there so much step milestone when my
Amara Toure: Mom, Mom.
Magalie Marcellus: So do you have for seven
Amara Toure: Years. She was a mustard monkey. So step one way
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, I'm function.
Magalie Marcellus: Is a step mom mom mom. Which one is it
Amara Toure: Do you just do that have
Amara Toure: My dad's girlfriend. He got pregnant.
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so yes. The 32 your brother. Is that a full of your mom and your dad. Oh, is it I have
My mom.
Magalie Marcellus: And your sister as well.
Amara Toure: Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: Just want to see where you are in
Magalie Marcellus: The best order.
Amara Toure: Between
Magalie Marcellus: The sister and the older brother.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Said has a relationship with Joseph Prince.
It's good.
Magalie Marcellus: Any substance issues for them or mental illness.
Amara Toure: No.
Magalie Marcellus: Describe your childhood.
Amara Toure: Was good
Magalie Marcellus: And half. How do you get in school.
Amara Toure: Got went to a semester of college.
Magalie Marcellus: So gradually has for us.
Magalie Marcellus: Let's mess up college and you plan on going back to school.
Amara Toure: Here.
Magalie Marcellus: Why would you want to study.
Amara Toure: Really sure you
Amara Toure: Yeah.
Amara Toure: Almost a year now.
Magalie Marcellus: Are you giving me your full attention, Mr Torre
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Cuz I had clicking on a background.
Magalie Marcellus: Nice, easy to be distracted or we don't want you to be
Magalie Marcellus: fully involved. So you have any friends.
Amara Toure: Just my girlfriend.
Magalie Marcellus: And you work friends.
Amara Toure: No, no friends, coworkers.
Magalie Marcellus: And what state. Were you buying
Amara Toure: New York
Amara Toure: Buffalo.
Magalie Marcellus: Obsolete
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, and how long you've been Ohio.
Amara Toure: So about
Amara Toure: Six years
Magalie Marcellus: One, but you guys to Ohio.
Amara Toure: Well, she's from here I just came here because I have family down here too. Oh, there's a lot of jobs down here.
Magalie Marcellus: We have a pencil here.
Amara Toure: You know, from Ohio.
Magalie Marcellus: That's I'm saying compared to nowadays, my job.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, me.
Amara Toure: Your answer.
Magalie Marcellus: I would think New York has more opportunity because we are here. I was like a lot of stuff.
Magalie Marcellus: It's big. But there's the job market is not that great from what I'm hearing so I'm not from Ohio, Ohio, so
Amara Toure: No.
Amara Toure: That's not true.
Magalie Marcellus: Maybe It depends on what type of industry you're looking at so
Amara Toure: There's
Amara Toure: All kinds of jobs here, right.
Amara Toure: Here all kinds of junk dime.
Magalie Marcellus: Well that's good to know. I'm sure is a lot cheaper than the
Amara Toure: Man, but the minimum wage is also there.
Magalie Marcellus: Yes. Would you pay more for everything else.
Magalie Marcellus: What kind of balance out
Magalie Marcellus: So are you experiencing any financial issues.
Magalie Marcellus: And when you're growing up any history of abuse and neglect.
Amara Toure: Know,
Magalie Marcellus: Any sexual abuse.
Magalie Marcellus: And any children for you.
Amara Toure: Know,
Magalie Marcellus: What are your hobbies.
Amara Toure: Or going out playing basketball playing the guessing.
Magalie Marcellus: Game.
Magalie Marcellus: He was
Born
Amara Toure: Really whatever's fun
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, you just saw me. I have any friends. Oh, do you do these things where
Amara Toure: I do my girlfriend.
Magalie Marcellus: Really
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, okay.
Magalie Marcellus: The ball into
Magalie Marcellus: It in. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: How many guys been together.
Amara Toure: Oh, five years.
Magalie Marcellus: That's a long time.
Magalie Marcellus: Relationship over
Amara Toure: It's really your
Magalie Marcellus: And any legal issues for you.
Amara Toure: Know,
Magalie Marcellus: Anything like that.
Amara Toure: No.
Magalie Marcellus: Do you see any issues with your driver's license.
No.
Magalie Marcellus: You have a driver's license.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: So I know you're one of the, your goal is to
Magalie Marcellus: Be off the substance and your goals short term goals that you want to accomplish.
Magalie Marcellus: Any cigarettes.
Yeah.
Amara Toure: Maybe
Amara Toure: every two days or so.
Magalie Marcellus: Any plans on coming back.
Amara Toure: Yeah, I want to quit very
Magalie Marcellus: So that would be a go.
Amara Toure: Here.
Magalie Marcellus: And you mentioned the weed. Are you still smoking.
Amara Toure: Every now and they're
Amara Toure: Not as much as I used to.
Magalie Marcellus: Go watch every now and then once a day, once every other day.
Amara Toure: Every day, three times a week.
Magalie Marcellus: Have you been to book yet.
Magalie Marcellus: Have you been assigned to copia
Amara Toure: Here I'm supposed to. I was supposed to go in there on Wednesday.
But I overslept.
Magalie Marcellus: My time was it
Amara Toure: It was supposed to be a three o'clock.
Amara Toure: But I'm not working because
Amara Toure: The Corona thing is here, we're just at home. So my sleeping all messed up for me no excuse for but I thought I was going to be up and I overslept.
Magalie Marcellus: And alarm a
Formula.
Magalie Marcellus: That works well. Good.
Magalie Marcellus: As you want you to be make especially the group. You don't want to misquote
Magalie Marcellus: You really have to be on top of that, because if you miss too many then either they come back with your medication of can be this trials altogether. So I want you to be able to have success in the program.
Well,
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so you have reminder goodbye to your pack on Wednesdays.
Amara Toure: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: So were you given a prescription already
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: When, when did you start take a
Amara Toure: Bow four days ago, five days ago.
Amara Toure: I'm not really sure exact date, but just
Amara Toure: Almost a week now.
Magalie Marcellus: So you have post Christian for how long.
Amara Toure: 10 days.
Magalie Marcellus: And did you reach out to either the virtual clinic to let them know that you didn't make groups.
Amara Toure: Yeah I call
Magalie Marcellus: You the economy. Okay.
Amara Toure: When I woke up.
Amara Toure: So me basically saying to us not to miss. They can cut back or, you know, new maybe cut you off. You know mean if you
Magalie Marcellus: Write if there's too many miss
Magalie Marcellus: Miss groups.
Amara Toure: Yeah, it won't happen again.
Magalie Marcellus: What's good that you call and let them know there's no things can happen. But we just want make sure you
Magalie Marcellus: Know what's going to happen. I know some companies with construction and things that they're still working. So it's just your company who just they just shut it down for now.
Amara Toure: No. My company is still working. I was caught me that's why my girlfriend is home to because she works, but
Amara Toure: Somebody her her
Amara Toure: Her co workers, Mom.
Amara Toure: Was most to have it. And then she was with her mom and my girlfriend was working
Magalie Marcellus: So, yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: So laden
Amara Toure: Yes, she was golfing and her nose is running and
Amara Toure: I started calling him. I know.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so you just want to share
Amara Toure: Yeah, if you start doing if you show any symptoms, the same hallway.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh yeah, everywhere.
Amara Toure: True. Yeah, you know,
Amara Toure: I agree, but my girl just got tested so she's gonna find out. She don't have the flu. So
Amara Toure: If maybe she just
Amara Toure: Because she gets sick, like there's some time so
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, well maybe it's just one of those out a virus. Right.
Yeah.
Amara Toure: Yeah, nothing serious. Honestly,
Magalie Marcellus: So in your area. How bad is it has no each state has different kind of level.
Amara Toure: Oh, I was is bad, but not as bad as like New York or something like
Magalie Marcellus: That take the cake on that aren't you happy and I'm really quite not even though I don't think that up, sleep, but
Magalie Marcellus: Sorry.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, I told him they can't come to Florida, because I'm in Florida. So they're
Magalie Marcellus: Not there. But it's scary though.
Magalie Marcellus: Just so know all that going on.
Is it
Magalie Marcellus: It's not as bad. But, you know, everyday, the numbers climbing like everyone else. So we do have a lot of closure, because I'm in South Florida. So it's a lot more concentrated in this side applauded in Florida, things like that. So,
Don't be
Amara Toure: Shameful.
Amara Toure: That's the, that's the craziness right cuz you don't know if you have it, then you spreading all over the place. So that's fine, everybody.
Magalie Marcellus: should act like you have it so.
Magalie Marcellus: That's the way to take the best the question.
Amara Toure: You have it in me now show any symptoms. So
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, it's very, it's a very dangerous virus question.
Magalie Marcellus: And we don't know who survival doesn't survive and what they say. If you have a vision, but sometimes on other people. They may have anything else going on this. So being hospitalized even dive on Mitchell just have to take the question. All
Magalie Marcellus: Right, so any questions for me, Mr towards say your last name for me. But there's not
Magalie Marcellus: Sure, which, sorry.
Magalie Marcellus: It sounds French. I don't know why. Maybe Sanders. It is okay. Sorry.
Magalie Marcellus: So any questions for me about the program itself.
Magalie Marcellus: needs to happen for you.
Amara Toure: Know,
Amara Toure: Every three students will move and go right now. I'll make sure I won't miss another me
Magalie Marcellus: Yes. And, and because I'm I am the purpose of science for you. Okay, so I'll be at some point.
Magalie Marcellus: I'll be reaching out just to kind of check in with some type of time. We just unless if there is a crisis something going on, you want
Amara Toure: To be able to talk to me, you
Magalie Marcellus: Can always call contact virtual panic and they'll reach out to me so I can schedule an appointment. But for now, maybe in the next month or so I'll reach out once I figure out my schedule, then I can check in to see where you are and how you doing overall on the program. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. All right. Well, all the best and just stay safe.
Magalie Marcellus: And keep take care of yourself. Okay.
Amara Toure: You too. Thank you.
Magalie Marcellus: Have a good one. No.
Magalie Marcellus: All right.